New Minor Releases (Holesky, Dencun devnet-10, Client UX, Performance) (#3113)
ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo: packages/tx/CHANGELOG.md

(modification: no type change headlines) and this project adheres to
[Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## 5.1.0 - 2023-10-26

### More Type-Aligned Library Structure

> This release gently introduces a backwards-compatible new/adopted library structure which is more aligned with the idea of independent tx types, bundling various functionality together which is not necessarily in a hierarchical order, see PR [#2993](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo/pull/2993) and [#3010](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo/pull/3010).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release gently introduces a backwards-compatible new/adopted library structure which is more aligned with the idea of independent tx types, bundling various functionalities together in a way that is not necessarily hierarchical, see PR [#2993](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo/pull/2993) and [#3010](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo/pull/3010).
```

Reused functionality (e.g. calculating the upfront-cost (`getUpfrontCost()`) of an `EIP-1559`-compatible tx - is internally bundled in capability files (e.g. `capabilities/eip1559.ts`), which provide static call access to the respective methods.

These methods are then called and the functionality exposed by the respective methods in the tx classes, see the following example code for an `FeeMarketEIP1559Transaction`:

```typescript
getUpfrontCost(baseFee: bigint = BigInt(0)): bigint {
    return EIP1559.getUpfrontCost(this, baseFee)
  }
```

> This makes creating additional or own tx types and reuse existing functionality along substantially easier and makes the library substantially more robust by largely consolidating previously redundant code parts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This makes creating additional or custom tx types and reusing of existing functionality substantially easier and makes the library substantially more robust by largely consolidating previously redundant code parts.
```
